From beautiful Uptown Burbank, Harmontown is now in session.
Spencer Crittenden.
What's in that bag? Special stuff in that bag. I don't know, man.
Let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you. Thank you.
Wow, I think it's a new lighting setup, right?
I'm assuming the microphone's further back because it's part of a new lighting setup?
I don't know.
Why do I always start the show in the worst fucking way?
Not just the worst way, but just specifically in, like, really wondering about whether the microphone's position is important in some way.
Like, whether it's intentional or haphazard is, like, that's been a topic of discussion at the top of the show many times.
Yeah, I guess it's the first thing that I, uh, see.
Yeah, no, I'm sure that's why.
It's not a scripted show. I don't have a plan to talk about anything. I mean, I have a couple notes.
I passed a very important romantic threshold on my trip to New Orleans to celebrate Cody's mom's 70th birthday.
We went to this city. New Orleans is great.
So you like music and food? Who doesn't? I don't understand that part of it. I'm not yelling at them.
They've been through enough, but I just don't understand. Who doesn't like music and food?
And what if I go to your city that's famous for its food?
So you got your Portland, you know, let's say your Asheville, North Carolina, we've been to, Austin, New Orleans.
The big food cities.
The food cities where it's like, oh, well, all the food's good.
And it is. We always go there.
If you go to these cities and open a bad restaurant, is it just that it's the momentum of the capitalistic biosphere there?
Like, just people wouldn't go. They go, this food's terrible. I'm a Portlandier. I know the difference.
I'm not going to. And then you would. So like, these are just cities that have created an ecosystem of foodie-ism?
So you're mad at New Orleans for liking food and for liking music?
I'm just wondering if it's all a scam. You know, you just say your city is the home of good food.
And then people would just go, mmm, this is delicious.
Like, I'm kind of suspicious of it because I ate a lot of things called, like, Creole omelettes and they really tasted like omelettes.
You're not supposed to get a Creole omelette. You're supposed to get a bag of crawdads or some, like, you know, a beignet and shit.
And what is this obsession with the Saints marching in? Like, that's a really horrible song.
It's about the apocalypse. It's like, it's an apocalyptic, biblical song.
Right.
It's zealotry.
It's about picking the right team.
Anyways, that's not what I wanted to talk about.
I was in a hotel room and we were going to go out to breakfast and I didn't at any time, and I certainly noticed, I never, as we were leaving the hotel room,
I never asked, I never made sure that both Cody and I had a key.
And I always did that. I was married and I always, I've never stayed in a hotel room with somebody and didn't make sure that we both had keys when we left the room.
Right.
So, symbolically, this means that something has, I've let go of something in the back of my head as I leave a hotel room with Cody.
Like, I imagine we'll be coming back together.
Aww. Or that's assuming we're coming back together, no matter what.
Well, I mean, you could look at it as clingy, but I think it's more unhealthy than I was always, like, prepared for the event of coming home separately.
Right.
Like, well into my marriage, I was still like, well, you know, stitch in time.
It's a weird thing to be prepared for, you know, like, oh, well, you never know.
Now you feel healthy because you, like…
Yeah, it never even occurred to me. Like, there's like the third time we went out, I was like, oh, shit, I haven't had a hotel key this whole time.
I'm like, totally comfortable being completely dependent on this woman.
See, it sounds pretty co-dependent.
Yeah. I mean, I think it's a good, I think it's a good move in the right direction for me.
Yesterday was a good day. You all know what this is.
Did you have to use your AK?
Yes. No, no, I didn't. It was a good day.
That was a good day.
But, you know, well, I picked up my gun.
Yay.
Did you use your AK or did you not use your AK?
I learned to field strip my Glock 19 in my bed and oil it.
So you finally got your gun? Yeah.
Danny got his gun? Yeah.
And it's amazing, like, guns are amazing.
It's one of the greatest ways to shoot bullets.
That's the thing, so that's the thing that was great, because part of the safety manual or the owner's manual, period, is that first of all, let me explain how a gun works and what's happening when you pull the trigger so that you don't blow yourself up or someone else that you're not meaning to,
because it's a lethal weapon that you bought to put holes in people.
But let's make sure you don't put in the wrong person.
And so they explained how everything works.
And it kind of really sinks home, because the ammunition, you buy by the bucket.
Like, I said, oh, I guess I need some bullets for this.
And the lady said, how many buckets of ammunition do you have?
Yeah. And I was like, buckets.
And she's like, yeah, behind you, there's the target range bullets, and then there's the home defense bullets.
Those are more expensive. Why?
Because the target range bullets will just go through walls and stuff.
So even though they're kind of more dangerous, they're cheaper.
The more expensive bullets are the ones that are just for shooting someone in your bedroom.
But the ones that just explode inside of human bodies.
That's what I was thinking.
I was like, do they lob out and land on the burglar?
But no, it probably is that they're just made of different stuff and they're not going through.
The gun range bullets are more deadly than the non?
And cheaper.
I bought a paint bucket full of bullets.
And that's just an interesting sideline in this world of mass shootings and stuff.
When they go and they look in the trunk of the person and they say, look how much ammunition they had.
But you buy this stuff in bulk.
And the odd thing to me is that these guns, they're basically staplers that have a little,
you put a little rocket in them and it's got a bunch of explosives in it.
Like a stapler.
Well the gun part is like a stapler.
Up until the point where instead of a stapler there's a fucking tiny rocket.
So that's my point.
Chris Rock has that joke about we don't need gun control, we need bullet control.
That would be the solution to make bullets really expensive.
But I'm not making that same joke.
But I am saying like, isn't it fucking weird that we don't regulate bullet?
Like you could walk into that store.
I don't need a license.
Just buy these things.
Like ostensibly I can go home and make a gun.
People make guns in prisons out of like bunk bed legs.
Like I saw Hill Street Blues once there was a guy.
He was like, I got a, he was like a zip gun or something.
He's holding like a little toothbrush thing he made.
As long as it hits the firing pin receiver thing on the back, the primer cap.
And you can talk the talk.
I was just like, that's the thing that kills you.
There's a bucket of little rockets in my bedroom.
And it was like eight bucks for a thousand of them or something.
And it's like, those things kill babies.
This gun is just like, you take it apart.
Like John Wick, you learn how to do that to clean it.
And it's like, and that's when you realize all those movies, you know,
like you see the movies where the guy like grabs the gun and field strips it with one hand,
like the slider fly, you can't, come on.
If I did that, if I was a thug and I was like patrolling a drug layer
and a guy in a trench coat that was like the hero came around the corner
and he grabbed the gun, I'd be like, oh fuck, God, you're good.
And then, but then if he like stripped it, like took it apart really fast,
I'd be like, okay, who, what are you, a magician?
Like, what are you spending your time on learning how to do that?
Then you, maybe I should try to grab the gun back because I, like, that's all.
That's like if you grabbed your gun and then like did a card trick or something.
Like, the best time to take a gun away from somebody is when it's taken apart.
It's the safest time.
Well, you could be easier.
Yeah, anyways, I'm just saying, it's hard to.
Also, I like that you think that bullets are rockets.
They are, they have a little combustible thing.
They have a little cartridge that there's good gunpowder.
I mean, it's like, that's the part that kills you.
What size gun do you have?
What's the ammunition you have?
It's a 9mm, right?
And I'm sorry, I know I stimulated the market.
I'm part of the problem.
We've had gun violence just this last week and here I am like stimulating that market.
It's like, for instance, if I was going to have someone up to talk about this amazing movie
that has a very pro-vegetarian kind of vibe and I've been eating fucking sausage like crazy after.
Like, yeah, we're part of the problem when we vote with our dollars.
I bought a gun, but that, I have no excuse.
I'm just scared.
I'm like, I'm doomsday crepping.
We got ham radio instruction manuals.
Man, yeah, I'm learning how to read, do ham radios.
This shit's hard, man.
There's a ham radio store.
It was so much easier for you to just get the gun.
Yeah.
It was so easy to get the gun.
And then we went to the ham radio store and the guy's like, all right, what's going on here?
Tell me what you want and I'll tell you how you can get out a month from now.
And it was like crazy.
Like we bought for $30.
Yeah, his position was like trying to, it was like a secret club where he was trying to not tip his hand
but gauge where we were on the totem pole of ham radio.
Right.
Because there is a totem pole of ham radio and there is like three or four tears.
But you can be mentally ill and buy a gun.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, and they're lifting those regulations like crazy.
Those people have lost their minds.
You don't even need to pass background checks half the time
because like background checks can get expedited and if they go, I mean, this is certain states,
but if a certain time period lapse, they'll just go, oh, it's been too long.
Let's not do a background check anymore.
And then so people just get guns without background checks.
It's great.
So yesterday was a good day because I was like, I'm just on this crazy roller coaster where I swear it's,
I have to be totally honest and just say if President Trump is upset, I'm happy.
And if he's happy, I'm just depressed.
I can't do anything.
So if he's tweeting like, hey, I don't know.
If he's just like spiking his little toddler football, like I'll just have a bad day all day.
But then two days ago, it was like this great morning because he had that tweet
about how he was under investigation and he's like throwing his fire truck around the room.
And it just felt good and all of the articles were about like it's closing in on him
and he's under investigation.
I can't believe you admitted it.
What a dummy and all this stuff and just all the, you know, I refreshed on all the threads
of how we're going to prove that he colluded with the Russians.
This isn't conspiracy theory.
This is a real thing.
And now we're going to get his financials and blah, blah, blah and all this stuff.
It just felt really good.
And then this morning it was like, his lawyer says he's not under investigation.
I was just like, what the fuck?
That's why I got the gun.
I got the gun because the only thing I understand is that I'm out of control.
And I don't know if you know how hard it is to be white and male and fragile.
And you've said before that if you had to kill yourself, you'd do it with a gun, right?
Yeah, I did say.
Yeah.
I don't know.
People don't realize how much the real heroes of Handmaid's Tale are the commanders.
I have a question about Handmaid's Tale.
Is it part of the point of that dystopia that even the men are miserable?
Because isn't it a dystopic thing where the patriarchy is out of control and the women are just objects of fertility and servants and things.
And they don't have rights anymore.
But there's no men lighting cigars with women's hair and going like, I love having balls.
They're all bummed out because they have to fuck their babysitter when they're looking at their wife.
And everyone's sad.
And I'm like, what kind of patriarchy is this?
Shouldn't it look at least like a little bit like 60s playboy club?
Like they're luring little tales and the conception sessions are like private and involve music.
I wish we could just find a dystopia where we could have fun.
But that makes me wonder, is that part of the commentary that it's not just about if men had their way, it would be awful.
It's more about look what we do to ourselves.
The patriarchy is the patriarchy because it's not self-aware enough to understand what it wants and doesn't want.
We'll all land ourselves if we continue to follow this path.
If we use the excuses of religion and gender identity to construct a society where everyone gets to do what they want, nobody's going to get to do what they want.
Everyone's going to be all bummed out and under pressure.
And it would be better if we just relaxed, even if we were a little infertile.
I agree.
My other question is, in the book, after she plays Scrabble with him, does it have like the 80s needle drop?
Well, she walks in slow-mo like in Mean Girls. I felt like it was mixed messaging, but I'm not a guy, but I'm enjoying the show.
I am a guy, and I am a guy, and I'm enjoying the show.
Dan, it's okay to not be a guy.
But we are kind of behind. We haven't watched Handmaid's Tale for a while, so maybe we didn't enjoy it.
Maybe we got turned off by the Mean Girls' slow-mo walks. Maybe we bailed on it.
Maybe we were like, what is this? What's going on? Let's watch Wizard of Lies. Why is it called Wizard of Lies?
Is this supposed to sound like Wizard of Lies? What are they going for?
Why is this a nonlinear story if the whole thing takes place in an apartment?
How's your book coming along?
I'm working very hard on it. It's almost done. It's almost done.
Just shut up. They're going to sue the fuck out of me.
I'm working hard on it. I had to go back and rewrite part of the introduction where I was like,
I'm introducing a book. Okay, hold on. The election's on. What the fuck?
There's no such thing as a book that you've started before the fucking election.
A lot of creatives are going through this.
There's also positive effects of the election where I'm finding as I work with writers
different stuff where we're breaking stories about a snowman that comes alive
or a robot that fucks a shoe. Whatever it is, even though it has nothing to do with politics,
there's been a 10% decrease in the need for suspension of disbelief. Does that make sense?
It's just across the board. All writers, I'm not kidding. It sounds like a joke,
but it's like an every single project that I started before the election
and now I'm working on after the election where I'm having trouble with stories and stuff.
We just go like, wait, so can't he just be a time traveler? And then they go,
yeah, why did we rule that out? Oh, because, yeah, that was before the singularity started glitching out.
And like, wait, why don't we just have her say, snowman, snowman, come alive, man.
And she could just walk up the walls like Lionel Richie and...
She'd put the ceiling fan in her head and fly out the skylight like Inspector Gadget.
Why didn't we think of that before? I don't know. What was blocking us before?
Anything can happen. I got a gun. Yeah, I'm going to fucking kill myself with it.
Don't do that.
Eventually.
Don't.
You want me to die of a stomach ulcer?
Yeah.
Oh, man, I hope you die of a stomach ulcer.
Can they kill you? A stomach ulcer? Can you die of an ulcer?
I know. Well, you get stomach...
An unintended stomach ulcer could create stomach cancer, I guess.
Do you have ulcers?
I assume I have ul... No, I don't feel anything in my tum-tum.
I have horrible heartburn. Chronic, horrible heartburn.
It's got to be just 40 years of just soaking my esophageal flap in vodka.
I can tell because if I eat popcorn, I now have to consciously breathe then eat the popcorn
and not breathe while I'm eating the popcorn.
If I'm watching a movie where a Voorhees or something comes around the corner and I go,
the popcorn's going straight into every alveoli balloon.
I just have lungs full of popcorn that are just disintegrating.
There's like dormant tuberculosis in there like eating the popcorn.
I didn't know what did I do right.
So you got to be careful.
You seem a little down. You said yesterday was a good day or today was a good day.
Yeah, today's a bad day because it's just like, I'm not under investigation.
You can't control this guy.
He's just a big... There's a baby.
There's a baby on a motorcycle like driving in a bullet store with these swinging firing pins around in a bag.
Just throwing them everywhere.
I mean, a baby in a motorcycle in a bullet store is not going to set the bullets off.
I know. And maybe that's why the bullets aren't dangerous because nothing can.
It just seems to me like if you look at the mechanism of a gun, the firing pin goes...
It's just like a thing. It just seems like you could fire a bullet by hitting it real hard with a hairpin.
Yeah, yeah. Like if you had pliers and a small hammer, you could go bang.
Shoot so much.
You never hear about those shootings.
Have you shot your gun yet? Have you taken it to the range?
No, no. I want to learn to use it.
There's a firing range nearby here and they have a weekend gun safety class, but I don't know, man.
The last place I want to be is like a group of weekend intro gun safety class humans.
Also, people keep going into gun ranges and killing themselves because you get a gun and it's free.
When it's free, it's cheap. People just keep blowing their heads off.
Gun ranges. That's just part of the territory. That's just a price of admission.
Sometimes you get like a chicken and your egg McMuffin.
That probably doesn't happen.
Alright, anyways.
We're bringing up our friend now, our new friend that I met at Netflix screening for this movie that's coming out, Okja.
God damn it, it's Bong John Ho, June Ho.
Bong June Ho? Did I get that name right?
Bong is the first name.
There's like a thing where the people that refer to working with him on set is like a part of Korean culture.
You call him Director Bong.
That is like kind of fun. I don't know.
That is fun.
I wish we had that. If you're a director or you should be called writer Harmon or writer Dan.
Yeah, I don't know. I'd like it.
And then all the fertile women, we can round them up dressed like nuns.
Put in a sizzling red color.
Sizzling.
Red nuns is hot.
They're the handmaids. They're like red nuns.
But only when they go to buy oranges? Like they also have to buy oranges for everybody?
Okay, alright.
I'll work up my dystopia. It's got third act problems.
But anyways, this is a friend of Cody's who was there.
That's why we were at the screening.
Because I was at the screening, I didn't know anything about the movie.
I never saw a trailer.
So my mind was blown by this movie, so I was like, come talk about it even though you guys haven't had a chance to see it yet.
It's coming to Netflix next week.
But let's welcome our new friend, Christina Oh.
Oh, thank you. Christina brought a foam oakja.
She fell.
A foam what? What is it?
It's a super pig.
Oh, it's a super pig. Oakja in the movie is a super pig created by a corporation to genetically modified in order to solve world hunger.
These aren't spoilers, right? It's the first five minutes of the movie they explained it all.
And so there's giant pigs that are being tested and the story follows the ownership of one giant pig, Oakja, and her owner.
What's her name?
Mija.
Anyways, I saw you after the movie and I was like, I think that was a perfect movie.
I think it was a 10% Gillin Hall reduction.
People are going to say he's over the top.
But I didn't care.
But I don't know why I qualified it with that, but it's because truly I wanted to.
I really thought it was a perfect movie.
And then you were shocked to hear that and it seemed like so was Bong. Can I call him Bong?
You have to call him Director Bong.
Director Bong?
Right. So the last name comes first is the formality, right?
Yeah, it's a very honorific culture.
You got to eat that mic.
I'm sorry.
Oh, because my mic's hot.
No, it's just picking you up for a really far away.
Yeah, your mic's not as hot because we're in an honorific culture too.
So the male gets the better mic.
There's a glass ceiling on your mic decibels.
Okay, I will put it in.
I got to check through mine too.
See, I'm like right here.
But don't cover it with your hand. Yeah, there you go.
Okay.
Unless you're going to beat box, then I find that helps because it helps the peas not pop.
That looks cool too.
Oh, John.
So this movie was co-written by Director Bong and...
John Ronson?
No, tell us about him.
John?
Yeah. Was he there at the screening?
He was not. He was not.
He's cool though.
He's an author, well, he's a well reviewed author and he has worked...
He's known Bong forever, Director Bong forever.
And then he came up with this site or director Bond came up with a site crazy idea
I think driving down a countryside and he saw this billboard
Or he saw this animal and was just like, oh, you know, what's it doing out in the middle of nowhere and
What was that animal? He mentioned that but he didn't mention the species of animal. I don't know
Cute animal thing in Korea. Yeah
The the so the movie
Uh, it's not gonna be theatrically released. Well, we're gonna so Netflix will do a day-in-date
June 28th, and it will play in I pick theaters in LA for like a week or so
but no, we want you to go watch it on Netflix and
He talked about that a little bit and he was answering questions through a translator, but he speaks fine enough English
To do conversative stuff, but he what I what I was gleaning was that
He every every director probably wants their movie to be on every theater screen in the world on Friday night
And everyone go out and eat popcorn and watch it like we're gonna so it'll be a while before people get used to that not being the case
but
It was worth it any the lack of that to work with Netflix. This is an unpaid plug
because they're really like
They're there they they I don't want to make them sound irresponsible
But they give you money and they kind of what let you do your thing. Well, that's kind of the reason why okay?
So once you see this film you'll realize like holy shit
Who would have given these people like this amount of money to go make this movie?
It's a craze. It was a crazy thing like imagine going to pitch me like alright
so
There's this girl and her best friends this genetically modified pig and gets taken from her and
And
She's a she's a visual effect
Give us like several million dollars to make this but also it's rated R and it's
That's the big thing it's like yeah, it's a big giant CG pig that you fall in love with the first moment you see it
It's a horrible rated R movie. I mean, I can't even imagine any other studio being like yes
Director bong here's a check, but that's why I really think it's a masterpiece and I also like something like what I was watching
I was like oh, so this is a snowpiercer guy. I
Started watching snowpiercer and then I was like there's tonal
Incompatibilities with me here. I it's hard enough to write a comedy or an action movie
I don't want this goofiness happening in my action movies and I kind of like drifted away from it
I was like I bet that's just the thing when East meets West, you know like filmically and
Then I when I watched this movie. I was like wait no is this guy like the Coen brothers or
Anybody else that we put in that category where he's like fucking with us. He deliberately you can he's evolving now
Or maybe this movie just like makes it clearer that he really deliberately plays with tone in order to take you from laughter to
Horrible like facing the abyss
He's master at that if you've watched any of his other films
He did this film called mother and earlier did memories of murder and then he did this Korean film called The Host
Which
The first time I saw I was like what is this and it's like this horror movie wrapped up in comedic bits and
One scene that I feel like wraps for me that wrapped him up was in that particular movie
He there's a scene where the father figure is explaining to his kids why
The third particular youngest son is like kind of seemingly messed up and doesn't have his life together
And he's like, you know
We were so poor when we went when he was little and I couldn't feed him proper protein
So that's why your brother's like a little slower than you guys
And he's like really bearing his soul and then the camera pans to the other brother and sister and they're sleeping
Like it's just like those tonal shifts where he's like trying to open up and be emotional about something
But the world is like not hearing it and it kind of reminds me of Alma DeVar
You know in that sense that there's like you're living and I don't know how much of that is the effect of watching a foreign film
That blends a little comedy with like thought-provoking weird shaky shit
That's what I'm trying to figure out as a Western viewer is how much of this is one person's genius
And how much of it is just the weird effect of like a movie
Translating across international and if you know anything about director Bong he is like
I think growing up in Korea which had a very military kind of like regime for a long time when he was growing up like he
I don't know if he wants me to say this, but he was like arrested for protesting in the 90s and stuff like that
like he is intrinsically I think a person who has something to say about
The way the system works and kind of fighting against him. This is kind of his way of doing it
I don't want to put words in his mouth, but that's kind of how I read it this film
I think the underlying message of course, it's about friendship and
You know this little girl and her bringing her family back and like this
Having to come to terms with adults and like grow up really quickly in the span of like a week or however long this film takes place
But it also has this kind of like
Not to like the greed and
Horrible nature of capitalism and right, but you're never preached to that's what I'm trying to figure out how to tell people
Because the truth is if I look if I read the description of this on paper
I wouldn't know I don't think I would I'd be like well
When am I gonna be in the mood to to to be told that every time I eat bacon and something horrible is happening?
I'll put I'll put that on my list
You know and but because I just wandered into this movie inside
I just like I'm so into I want to tell people you don't have to worry about that it
It is heart-wrenching
But only in the same way that kind of ET is and it's I guess it's sort of like what if ET was delicious is
Is the it would just make ET kind of extra you'd be rooting for Elliot to fly a little more
Spoilers Elliot flies. It's an ET's kind of a piece of shit. This movie is really good
Now I mean there's there's definitely a lot of like there's it you can sense the there's it
There's like a half dozen movies that you could feel a real genuine like influence from without being derivative
Like you feel this whole ET thing, but you also feel this
King Kong like Pete's dragon if you yeah, I
Would say that a big props though goes to our visual effects supervisor Eric de Boer
I'm just putting it out there, but he helped create this
Magnificent creature like I've never I've never worked on a film where we've had this amount of CG where I mean World Wars
He was a different thing
But this was like the main character the star of the film is a visual effect
Yeah, so how do you create that bond between this little girl and this made-up creature?
And make it believable and touching and I've seen the movie probably like 20 times now and every single time at the end
I'm like crying and
I was kind of remarkable in terms of like I found myself crying because the movie was so good sometimes
I was like like not because it was sad narratively there there were those times then too we're like you know
I could hear Cody sniffling and I was like if I look at her that she'll see that I'm crying but
But I don't want to oversell it but you know hey everybody go everybody watch this and tell me I'm insane like if I like
Like if it's not actually like this big a deal of this movie, but like I I found myself near tears
Because of the action
Sometimes because I was like yes, this is this is how you do it
It's like it's a little it's a little girl and she's like trying to save her pig, but like it's not
Cloyingly like oh, she's a little girl, but she's a power puff girl
She's got big strong powers and you love like she's a little girl
And she's really at odds with the physical world and but she just is flinging herself literally and figuratively at this giant machine
called humanity and and
Like like what I was most impressed by it was like there's these action scenes where
If she's chasing it, you know you can see her making decisions about physically what she should try to do next and
You're so you feel like you're playing like an 80s laser
Just video game or something because you actually are with her and that she's like you know am I gonna try to jump on this
Track yeah, I think I should but I didn't it's typically in action movies
There's a little bit of suspension of like oh, well how did you know that you were gonna you just you're just
Improvising and so you decided to jump and now you're gonna land on that truck
But it's like there's a slight difference between that and why am I I do this all the time by the way it's called dance-planing I
I'm a terrible interviewer. I just bring people up and I just talk I coined that yeah
But but but do you know from working with him is that a conscious thing when he's doing action that he wants people to track the choices?
Okay, well
Another thing about director bong is he's like a director who've never worked with him before this guy's like remarkably
meticulous in the way he shoots
So every sequence or every whatever the entire script is basically storyboarded
So I land in Korea and you're basically handed this book of the entire movie
That's storyboard and shot for shot like it's it was insane
And then the night before we get our call sheets and with them are the boards for the next day with exactly
What's gonna happen? So
It was it was kind of crazy because you already knew and you already knew what it would look like and then you just you know
You direct a scene and it was exactly like those boards what what was drawn and a lot of people were like
Oh, you know that does that give you creative freedom or whatever?
But it does I think if you hear some of the actors talk about it
They're like we knew exactly what we needed to do
so then we could kind of have freedom within those parameters and then the little girl
Mija who's played by An Tso Hyun was just remarkable. She was this she's like this incredible kid and
Did everything so beautifully and then like would just go and do it
She'd like be playing in the corner and then they'd be like action and then she'd go run run down the street
Yeah, and then he'd be like cut and then she'd be like
Where's the snack truck?
I think people are gonna freak out most about her because people are freaking out about the you know the little girl in Logan
Who's like so amazing and so striking and she's she's doing so much with so little like dialogue and stuff
She's just like glaring at Hugh Jackman and like holding her own
But like this little girl is like doing these scenes with Paul Dano who is I've never I was never like hey
He signed me up for the Paul Dano fan club. No one or was I a hater?
I just I would see him and I go who's that guy his face is kind of weird the
The but he is fucking amazing. I wanted to marry him like I saw his character
That's the other and then the other thing again. I'm doing it again. I'm not asking you anything
But but like oh keep going like that character is deeply flawed, but he's so righteous
And it's just it's in his relationship with the girl and I
I
Loved the internationality of the story
I love that it's part of the story that some people speak
Korean and English some people only speak Korean some people only speak English
That was kind of another aspect of the film that we wanted to touch upon
I think director Bong likes to have these characters that are conflicting like there's this animal liberation front and
They're a group with well-intentioned meanings
You know wanting to save this pig and expose this evil corporation and how they like had created all these thick
Like super pigs that are just fucked up and they're having a terrible time
But there's there's there's a group of terrorists in the movie and they're the good guys
There really is an ALF like that's not an actual
Actual I think it's it's not like a direct it just happened to be like I think it came from his cousin is like an activist or something
but anyway, so
They're they themselves are very conflicting characters, especially Steven Young's character who is Korean-American and he speaks
Korean in the film, but he's like terrible at translating
His character is I mean in real life. I'm just kidding
He's Korean's really good. His Korean's really good. So like they have these conflicting characters where
You know, they have well-intended. Well, you know, they really mean well, but they're kind of like a group of just like
Bumbling idiots at times. Yeah, I mean they're pure of heart
It's it's hard to say it's like they're it's that archetype where the people show up and they're kind of like they're goofy
But they're heroes in Jake's character. Mm-hmm is like a deeply deeply. I don't know if I don't know if you got that
But he's like a deeply flawed
Person who started out as like this, you know, Steve Irwin asked kind of like
Animal lover and then it has just been beaten down by this woman for the past like
Tilda's character for the past like ten years. He's like the shell of a man who he was and he's just kind of taking it out on
Yeah, let's let's talk about Gyllenhaal for a second bit in this movie who I
Just because I I want to protect him because I feel like he's making choices in this movie
They're so fucking over the top that everyone that I'm afraid maybe I'm wrong about this, but I'm afraid people are gonna go
Why is he acting like the Riddler?
When other people aren't doing that
It but like what what what kind of conversations does director Bong have with?
Actors do they show up to set and go like I thought I'd try something like this and he's like whatever
Or or is he like
Like how hands-on is he so Jake came in like I think we were halfway through our shoot in Korea or so and
We were literally on this mountain side at her house
when he comes up the Mountain is like that was like the first day and
This it's this beautiful set. It's in the middle of nowhere. You have to like hike down for like 10 minutes
it's super secluded and
Director Bong was just like yeah, so
You know he's coming up the thing and maybe he's just really out of breath. So he's like
And you know so he kind of ran with it and then that happened and it kind of just stuck and we you know
Of course like us being on the other end. We you know, we see those dailies and we're just like um
Does anybody want to say anything?
And what does so what does Bong say?
Like hey, so and you say no, I kind of like it. So then we're like all right
Do you and we had like this weird trust that it would work out and it did but I'm crazy
He stuck with being out of breath as a character choice
So when you see the film, I think he is very high-pitched
Did you see snow piercer? Did you I hate it's not there's there's there's it's a bad movie
Meet me after the show. I'll explain it to you
There's like everybody's like
Till the Swinton what she's doing in this movie along with John Carlo Esposito who was on community
I that's not important, but
But it was kind of also kind of exciting
The just the two of them and along with what
director Bong does with
Foley like in scenes that have no score where they're talking and like till the Swinton is
Like like doing just the character is like
Sir a totally car a total cartoon and absolutely like rich somehow like like captivating
Maybe that's just oh you you're pulling out the Ferrari of actors and you're just like like so just cruising around the block feels like
An Olympic sport or maybe it there's like but it feels like this incredibly amazing character this performance
And then the John Carlo being like her like attendee and then he like he'll be goes and makes a cup of coffee
And you're just like the the choice of the camera to be everywhere
It is at every moment where you watch John Carlo Esposito
Make a cup of coffee for a second before doing his next line of dialogue and everything is just fully step step step
Click pour steams
You're thinking you're bringing her to New York
And then that's my favorite. That's one of my favorite part. She goes. I was just about to say that
And I think it's in that scene because like then Gillen Hall is also in that CD comes into it and goes like hey
there's what I think and and
And I'm kind of like oh man, I don't want anybody to be punished for enthusiasm
No, I think for the way that I like reconciled that in my head was that hit heat his character
Basically, he like ten years ago was this normal guy and then for ten years
He's been playing the role of this
Spokesperson and having to do all this stuff and he's become a puppet for this corporation that he's almost
Become the role that he was just playing and he does say that stuff
Yeah, and then you know and then she even says like quit your whining, right?
I if I if I was in the edit bay, no one needs my help on this movie. It's a masterpiece
But I did say I was like well put your money where your mouth is Harmon
If I was in the edit bay and I had all that footage and I had one pickup shot
I would just have one shot where we were just where Gillen Hall's character does a little anal nitrate
Like he just does one popper
Um, like like like like or there's something weird some weird thing like like like huffs something or well, you know
That would have been helpful like three months ago
But it's not yeah, I mean it's yeah, so
But so the movie like this is the thing like I
It's okay to say he's not a vegetarian, right? No, he he helped write he conceived of this movie and
Then shot the entire thing
I everyone that watches this movie for at least 48 hours is is not you know, you're gonna just not have
Sausage. Yeah, I remember being in a in a meeting earlier on after we were doing some scouting and we were watching some research footage of
There's a there's a scene where they're I don't want to like give it away
But they're dealing with animals in a certain way and so it's based that that scene
Is based off of a real how they actually
Treat cattle. Well, of course. Yeah, we figure. Yeah, and and I was sitting in this meeting and he was like, oh
I want to show you this research clip and we were like I was like, oh god
And I was sitting there trying to hide that I was crying
like in a room
Producers and other
Actual like actual footage of yeah
I was actual footage of cattle being led to their slaughter essentially and they like
Recoiling kind of knowing like they were headed into something dangerous
And it was like the worst thing I'd ever seen and I was like I don't want to eat anything after I had a couple friends
And I can't say their names because they might still be like the ALF animal liberation front was on FBI's
Like most wanted list and it might still be
and they would go into
a meat processing plants and animal testing labs and take the footage and
And I would tell people like I'm vegetarian
I don't preach it people should eat what they want to eat
But there's a couple things if you don't want to eat meat don't watch this tape
Yeah, and there's footage that's so absolutely compelling and so horrifying and that's the thing that I want to make clear only because
creatively this movie deserves so much
Recognition for what it's somehow pulling off and I have no idea how it's doing it. How is it that part of the movie?
Everything that I've said, you know, you're you're imagining like oh, I understand the idea is like like Lisa Simpson
She sees the movie and it's like gross and it's like you don't want to eat meat anymore
But it's like it's not
somehow it doesn't
gross you out it doesn't make you
It doesn't spank you as a meat eater for 40 years, but it just somehow invites you up
I think that's the point and we didn't want to
for us at least our intention is to never be like
Preachy about anything. We just want to show you a different
View of something and be like kind of like hey, this is how it is make your own decisions
But we would like to to show you a different side of the truth that maybe you don't you aren't familiar with and that's kind of
That's a really extraordinary mind at work on his part
It's like it would he be a better person if he didn't eat meat sure so would I but since he does enjoy bacon at breakfast
him making that decision
artistically what I'm gonna do is I'm going to
Put my camera on this side of this of that story that issue that that
Probably and and I'm gonna do that faithfully
He just wanted to do that creatively and it no and then he just finished the movie and he ordered some sausage and
That to me it may it may not make any of us good people
But it certainly makes him a genius
Yeah, you know actually I think when he went on his research trips to he actually like visited some slaughterhouses
I think he couldn't think the whole crew that went on that trip couldn't touch meat for a while because it was like
there's something about
the smell and
There's also different levels of we're talking about like you know there you I imagine there's people that have different levels of issue with different
It's like there's probably people in the audience that
personally eat meat, but also recognize that there's perhaps like an industrial problem where we
We we were doing it wrong the system is built wrong. We're over addicted to me
We we we should make it more expensive and it should be always
a
Processed in a in a in a way that a more
Shooting with a bow and arrow and praying over its carcass in the forest. Yes. That's exactly what
But what about you by the way, I never asked you like are you a vegetarian? I
Have
Made a kind of decision to try and do the pescatarian thing for a while because after actually after having work on this
I need pork for the entire thing
It's just there's something about piggies and what about crustaceans. I actually don't like
Chelfish or Christy that that's not yeah, I'm off of them since New Orleans
Just ate too much. This is brought a brown bowl of it looked like HR Giger like made of
It was just like everything is just like the eyes of the face and it had an expression on its face
And I wasn't a human and it wasn't I wasn't like oh this poor this poor this poor jumbo shrimp like
That's the exact face. They make right before they died. It just freezes. It's what they know
They're like you're gonna I'm gonna be served to the guy that's not even gonna appreciate me. I'm a hearty
But what a terrible death. Oh you killed me and the guy didn't fucking dig it
Yeah, yeah, but but it was never like because they put a bib on you and
But it's like I look over at Cody and she's like yeah
You can't you know, but I don't know but I'm like what did you do I looked it out of the bowl just and I just it's curled up
And then you uncur as you uncurl it the legs go
like that and then juice goes everywhere and then
You just like well, do I eat the face off and then squeeze?
I think you're supposed to like my mouth like rip the head off and then suck the head suck the head she says sorry
Yeah, I think but at the end of the day, I just peeled it like a hard-boiled egg down to a big jumbo shrimp
And then ate it was like yeah, it's fucking shrimp, bro
Don't make it shaped like an insect
But you but you we're talking about you don't like when you get meat on the bone
You don't like to have to do the work. Yeah, you want it to be done for you
And I would definitely if we were living in a proper kind of caveman tribe you die
I would know I would be a vegetarian
I would I would be like, okay, I'll you know, I wrote a play for you guys
Can I have a piece of brisket and and if the alpha was like no you got a you got to kill what you eat
What you kill a big then I'll have a salad they like
I don't like your attitude like and good good luck with your the obvious analogy for your care
You're your character in my play. What do you think would be what do you think would be in your kick in your caveman salad?
What would that consist of arugula and parmesan?
Just because I like that at little Dom's that's one thing about the caveman
I don't really appreciate is how good they were at making aged cheese
But Christina like so, how did you get that you your producer you work for plan B?
I how long you've been there a little over six years. I'm an executive producer executive producer a step
Well, no, it's a step. Yeah, settle down. I fell for the same thing. I'm an executive producer on a novel. He said it's like
You know, I didn't do anything but you did lots of stuff on this movie
When the words are handed out, you're not gonna be up on the stage for that. No, I'm okay with that
But what stage did you get involved in the film? I like how early?
so I
got involved in
The towards the end of 2015. I think October or November of 2015. I was like shipped away on a scout location scout
For like days. I forgot the connection was plan B, which is Brad Pitt's company, which is hilarious
He's the CEO of isn't he like
Yeah, is he is he always eating when he comes into meetings or is that only for as an acting choice like it's like, you know
No, he likes to eat because he started like as soon as it appears as soon as he got a say in what he gets to do on camera
He was he obviously started saying it's an actor
Could I be eating something watch watch any Brad Pitt movie with the sound off?
He moves his head a lot and he points a lot a lot of pointing a lot of
I
George Clooney has like a weird like George Clooney's head always like I got a swivel
It's like he's bobbing. I like it's funny to watch like actors without the sound on
Give us some dirt and Brad Pitt talk to talk to Brad Pitt shit. I really he's a lovely human being. It's just the best
What is it? How often I mean, well, they're just like what is he like in person?
I'm just honestly just asking like I'm a high schooler. I
Don't I mean, it's I feel like I'm just gonna whatever he's literally just like he's normal
He's comes in and he doesn't go
But it's cool, I mean he's got his company is doing cool shit like I
World where Z, you know, what what I I understand why it wasn't
Well, it didn't break records and whatever but I it was a great idea to try to make that book into a movie
political zombie yeah, I
Like I like I like his usage of what he's been dealt like like he you know, he's Brad Pitt and like he's
Like lots and lots of actors are like, okay, then I'll have a production company
And but he's like clearly some some somewhere in that pipeline
There's somebody going and it might be CEO Brad Pitt going like I want to make good choices
Yes, of course, he's he's great, but
DD Gardner and Jeremy Kleiner my colleagues are like
Really just crushing it. I remember DD Gardner worked at Paramount, right? Yeah a long time ago before plan B
Is it okay?
Brad Pitt we got we got we got that's great
12 monkeys, what is Brad Pitt does Brad Pitt that was my that's where I'm getting my fresh
Oh
Like I wear two outfits
I wear either a suit or I wear like a v-next like sweater and jeans like does he have an outfit?
Rapid have a uniform that he wears or does he wear a different shirt every day like give me some quotidian bread
You know, I'm I'm like
The most unfun person to ask
You so you don't want to be part of our regular weekly segment the pit stop
But we just check it
Well, we'll find five seconds, but talk about oh god
He doesn't have a uniform
It's the update. It's a whole different thing. Where were you born and raised?
mass juices and
And so you moved you moved out to LA first or no, you know, okay
So if you a brief I was born and raised in Massachusetts until I was 13 and they moved to Arizona
Four people cheered for Massachusetts one night boo
I bet that guy's from Arizona, right? Like are you from Arizona? You're from Boston
Massachusetts, okay
Where in Massachusetts?
Boston, okay, I grew up in Peabody Super Super tiny is that is that a town that's spelled differently than its name would suggest I
Suppose it's spelled P E E
B U D D Y
Yes, Peabody
That's the one Peabody
Got a lot of Massachusetts
Yeah, and then I moved to LA Spencer. Will you be my Peabody later on? Yeah, is
Production your ambition or are you
Transitioning like is this is helping out in a production capacity like is it the end all be all or is it a means to know?
Of course like I would be a producer
Without the executive in front of it, but that's why it's not you know
It's not and then I'll be a director or then I'll leave that to people that are far more talented than I'm glad you said that
Because we have directors and writers appear all the time that we go like what's your advice?
But it's like we have so few like Steve Levy my assistant
He he wants to be a producer and like ten years ago. I'd be like no way
That's not an ambition. Fuck you suits are evil
Whatever and I would have and then I would have gone on to get fired by everybody and no one likes me
And I they're like why do you keep calling us suits? I think people I think people don't really know what a producer does right like producers are fucking important as
AF
To put it in your language
They are as they're important a AF yeah, yeah, I well I switched over I switched it was like
Gen X to millennial like it's like Spanglish. I was like as AF
All right, but no, but it's like saying like like like pin number you can you can choose how much gender mustard
You want to put on this you can either answer this
For the young ladies in the audience as a woman the interest in a production or you can just answer it as a human being
That also you can do both at the same time
You you guys are gonna go home tonight and realize that meant nothing. I
Am not a villain
And that was not a hero
You'll figure it out later
Whatever I forgive you for you know not what you do
But yeah, I mean if it's
Like like people out there that are going I want to work in production like what are they?
How and what are the obstacles any pieces of advice whatever take it?
Why thank you
There is no like
Do this and then do this and then do this and then you're a producer if anyone ever tells you that they're lying to you
I did an internship
worked my ass off and
Very serendipitously landed at this company people hear that maybe some people are going okay
So what how do you what do you open the yellow pages you Google yellow pages? Yeah, you find out what yellow pages mean?
Like like what you like really get granular about like what do you do from Massachusetts?
Like what the first step where you go like I'm gonna like start you have to have kind of
slightly
Impressive Asian parents that want you to be a doctor or a teacher
Mm-hmm, and then but you secretly have to want to do something a little bit. I mean I oh happy father's day dad
I love you
Actually my dad wanted to be a film director, but then gave everything up and
Don't you have to call him father dad in your car? Yes, father? Oh
The father wanted to be a film director, and he actually went to film school in Korea in I don't know
70s, and then he immigrated to America to give us a better opportunity
So to speak but then how do you get to be an intern on it?
Yeah, so then so then I like moved to Arizona went to school and Scott stupor was an alumni at that stupor
I know he doesn't do anything
He's like he just he's at Netflix now. He sounds like an Archie comic character. That's great
He's he's he's super lovely, and I interned at his company out of
College in my last semester. Is there a bulletin board?
University of Phoenix is there what what was the University of Arizona? Okay? Yeah
Yeah, no, he was an alum there
So he had this like premiere internship program that you had to apply for and and then I got it and I
Went and you work for free for four months, and then
It opens doors for you, I suppose
But if anybody okay if anybody actually is interested or wants to know I guess come find me afterwards because I
Don't do that to yourself, okay, but but but no, but I feel like it'll be like because sometimes people are like
What do I do? What do I do? Can I be an intern on on your show?
Can I be a PA and all the stuff and I'm like I don't I'm not I never did that
Yeah, and so I would say interning interning is a great thing be a PA
but it's just like kind of like my thing is be nice to everyone and introduce yourself and like be a cool person and
Things will happen if you're an asshole like I immediately I'm like
I don't want to talk to this how do you sustain yourself like when you were like people like that have internships like you you're
You're not being paid for your work like were you broke back then or did you have a yeah?
I lived I my parents helped me of course. Thank you, but I like lived with this old Korean couple
They were super nice. I like had a I stayed in a bedroom at their place that they like kind of randomly knew my parents
and I just stayed in a lot and I didn't
Eat a lot of rice and kimchi. You're so racist right now
But that's the thing like like you hear about like like a lot of people that get to become like you know like you turn on the news
And everyone's a journalist that they're all rich people they because they could afford to be yeah
I think if they could afford to spend three years unpaid labor as as interns and doing the stuff
But you like you actually just like
Lived you squatted with an old couple and didn't eat much except you know like basic food. Well, I did I did I mean like I
Did eat because otherwise I'd be a lot skinnier, but
No, I do think like I I knew when I needed help and I was like listen like I want to do this like how do I
Do this in my school was really cool and helpful and I did I did thankfully find this couple which was kind of odd like
It was in a weird bedroom in Koreatown and there was a fridge in my room. I didn't really understand like a full-size fridge
Did you ever look inside of it? It was empty?
Yeah, I lived in Koreatown when I first moved to LA
There was a murderer in the alley behind my house, and I'll tell you that bad
But yeah, we should talk later. It doesn't sound like
I mean, I guess I guess it helped that I am Korean so it was it made a little bit of sense
I don't I'm sure the guy that got murdered was Korean. I don't know
I'm just assuming
But but but you know it is it is it is difficult and I think like the difference now
I think is a lot of internships actually do pay you. Oh, yeah. Yeah, what's next for producer? Oh, what's next for plan B?
If they're the same thing you can answer as a woman or a Korean
I
Actually, I actually became a
Actually through this whole experience. I I became friends with Steven young this
He's an awesome awesome dude
And so I think we are gonna try and cook something up and then we're working on a film
James Gray's next film right now. We just wrapped a film called beautiful boy
directed by Felix von Groningen, which is gonna be a
It's kind of it's gonna be like a little sad, but
Well, it's 9-11 everybody. Let's hear it for Christina. Oh
But not those things aren't related
Thank you, Christina. Oh, we're talking about
Oh, yeah, what's it Winston on June 28 next Wednesday
So right now you're saying Dean is a there's been a shift in the show you're wearing a foam
Super pig on your head. It seems like a harbinger of some sort of new aspect to our to our program
And also you dismissed your guest like some kind of weird handmade
patriarch
You sent her off. Why would that be?
Well, because as promised like this is finally it after much fucking to do
We're we're gonna we're gonna play our new Pathfinder campaign
Thank you, I think you might have jumped a gun on the music I just wanted to give it a sting
Oh, okay, cuz I think well
Let's let's let's let's see if this experiment can work or we we take a break for the for the mid-roll ad that the people
That pay five dollars a month don't have to listen to and instead
The people listening to the ad on the free version of the podcast don't get to hear the following. I
You know, we don't actually have to do anything cuz no one will know I
Think they'll know and they'll get on reddit and they're not gonna say nothing. These guys are too cool to be on reddit
Let's just talk shit about reddit during the night. Yeah, they hate reddit is like the Arizona of Sites
It's a great Arizona is a great state to go to if you hate women Mexicans and gay people and front lawns
But you love gravel
Their front lawns are gravel look you hear your statements bear no fucking gravitas right now. You got a phone
I know what to I know what to do during art. This is still during art. This is still our special break
Let me show because this will just be for people that are
Captain we're going warp factor seven
The actor his eyes
Do you guys think LeVar Burton like did you even listen to that episode it did something happen during that show that would explain
LeVar Burton not only not showing up to my wedding, but also just kind of generally. I don't know. I feel like I
Think he's on ear wolf now. Maybe it's an ear wolf beef
Okay, can I think he is can you pull up the I got my iPhone plugged into the feed
And because I just wanted to show these you might have seen these I retweeted this picture. These are those meat torture videos. These are the
This is the this is the photo of the there are the protesters that were outside Shakespeare in the park
This guy's got a little sign that says boo the cast and
This guy and don't be don't don't be fooled into thinking this is a crowd. These are just two pictures. We're just
This this guy is behind this lady in the first so
It's just Spielberg here with his pro-trump far left. It's America
So the weird thing is I retweeted that and then somebody like that had tweeted it
They're like hey respect my investigative journalism because what I found out is that this person was saying this
I followed this like kind of sub thread and they were like
This guy was outside the fucking Hamilton show in New York. It's the same guy
with the same sign
Same font same as a do you do you think that he
Like Cody Cody said oh man if his son breaks his arm he can stand up at the hospital again triple
But I don't know why you wouldn't want to cheer that cast or because it's an Obamacare cast
Or if he becomes a ghost
But this guy said now it's like a question of is he so he definitely went from a boring villain to an interesting villain
But kid if he goes to it. Well, what could he do with the sign to make him the world shittiest hero?
But what's his angle? He hates the cast because they're being lefties or what well
You know the Shakespeare in the park thing, you know, they did Julius Caesar and they they it's like look you when you do Julius Caesar
You you you pick a fucking wardrobe you pick an angle they go
Oh, let's make them 1920s gangsters other thing and they did an Obama thing where they Julius Caesar was an African-American man and they
They they and this this time they they give him a big long red tie and like blonde hair
And so then it was like we all know that these people aren't
Actually offended and don't they're just playing this fucking a weird game of hungry hungry hippos with us like where it's like
They just like they're just like I don't know that was a game from 1849
It's just so fucking weird, but I don't want to get sidetracked by that because we were we all spend our days
Where was this taken? This is also in New York
This is no well wait. Where's Shakespeare in the park? Where's that's Central Park?
Yeah, so but here this guy has that much free time when he just goes from theater to theater
I like the idea that he made the sign for Hamilton and then he brought it home
And he's a hoarder and he just put it on the side of the he didn't he's like he's like I don't know
I'm gonna hang on to that because the the arts typically, you know, I wouldn't be surprised if this isn't the last time that a play
He gets intertwined with my politics and then he went to sleep and he ate some spam and he
But if he likes the play he has another sign that says don't boo the cast boo the player
All right, we're back from the secret segment
If you're working at Feral audio, you shouldn't have left any of that in the show. No one's working there, okay?
And he's leaving and she can't even walk
It's bad when Annie walks out. It's like, yeah
Please stay we just got into our ablest jokes
She's just going to the bar
There's 45 people online. That is where you will always find Annie. All right, so Spencer. Hey guys
Are you rock-and-roll some D&D right now some pathfinder rather? I gotta say though. I think it'll be bad
So I'll just put that out there
What why are you dwell my my student? Yeah, it's a great way to make it good
Why are you so pessimistic? Are you just lowering expectations? No, well, I mean
Technically, yeah, I am lowering your back. I'll give you an excuse
Levy's not here and we just last show we agreed. Oh, it's gonna. We're you know, we're gonna make it consistent
It's gonna be the three characters now. Levy is
You know, yeah, right this is his family for Father's Day like he does every year because his dad died
What a fucking asshole
Me me me more like Steve me me yeah
Steve me me
More like Steve Levyus
He did
Yeah
But that could be your excuse because you could that caught you off guard now you you gotta confine the adventure to the two of us
I'm just I'm excited about it. I'm barely drunk like I'm like not as drunk
Yeah, me too, and and I just we're gonna do real like I know my spells. I
Yeah, it'll be bad
It's fine. I know my character. Yeah, like I know who I am kind of
You said earlier you might change your name from Carlos. Oh, yeah
I thought about it for a second because I was like, oh Carlos people are gonna. Oh, that's like a freaks and geeks reference
Like wasn't that James Franco's character? Was it Carlos the dwarf? Yeah, but then I thought well, he's Carlos the unimaginative. So I
Don't know I say leave it
I say leave it because if it's all of a sudden I'm named Duracell the fuckbucket, you know, like
Wait Duracell the fuck like Duracell the fuckbucket. Oh fuckbucket. I heard fuck like I want like if you don't become Duracell
The fuckbucket. I hope we meet that character somewhere along the road
Just made me happy
I also feel like if once you once you once you riff the name Carlos if you change it to anything else
I do feel like the Latino community
Feels we're gonna have a very valid complaint because I'm like famous for the lack of fucking Latino presence in my
Yeah, and remember that that
What's gonna have to soccer joke remember the Latino community joke? Oh, man
You are not coming back after that. You are way behind with that population
population
We can't take another risk by changing a name away from Carlos, so you'll be just out of the
game
All right, well, I'll stay no, there's that the thing it is like there is a press conference at community college
And then there's like a mister. It's a studiante press. What how will this affect soccer? Oh, oh that yeah
Well, you think people were so there are there's protests. All right
Okay, all right, so Spencer, how do you how do you want to kick this off? It was a great joke
Great do you you let me know when you want theme music you can you can cast us off into a mystical realm of madness and mayhem
All right, we're gonna do real combat turn-based no more. I build a boat and row it to the weapons store
You can say that but he's like oh you say okay. You start building a boat Spencer
You're gonna keep us honest on our on our if we do things that are not
Proper you're gonna you're gonna give us notes, right? Yeah time as far as I feel like doing that, right?
Spencer your enthusiasm your enthusiasm is exhilarating. Yeah, I'm really just trying to set the table
Should we start yeah, yeah hit it
All right
The town of Rowan has been in peril a letter from the local priory
Details of village under siege by evil the prior says heresy and evil have taken root in the town and demons and evil spirits have
Been inflicting the town's folk they've begged for aid in the past and they've lost contact with both of the clergyman
Who are sent to investigate the prior fears for the lives of his congregation and seeks the aid of the church militants in
Rooting out the source of the evil and saving the village from its sin
All right, yeah, I didn't get a lot of that because I couldn't I realized oh shit. There's gonna be notes
It's a classic trend of yours
It's good. So let's start by asking questions. Do you have any questions?
Questions may be generating from the fact that you didn't hear some of this
I got a I got a letter yes from my
Superior or some you know some bureaucrat within my church said go to this town right this town is
Languishing from evil right there's evil taking root in this town and it's affecting our towns folk
What's the town's name row and or Roan roan? I think that's just Roan right sure
I mean I invented the I mean, that's a word. Yeah, let's move past I
Wrote her down to W. So let's just call it Rowan. I mean whatever I
Actually, yeah, no, I don't think you writing it down wrong should change the name. Yeah, you can't do that
You were you were waffling on your own decision pull the pronunciation to be sure
Yes, that doesn't open you up. This is what I'm talking about. Dungeon Dungeon topping from the bottom of the dungeon
No, it's great. Everyone's great. Alright, so you guys you're in like a horse-drawn wagon together
Because you've been you're you've been dispatched on this mission. Um, yeah
Hey, Carlos
Chad
Good to see you back
You were you're away for a while. It's nice to be back on a case with you. Yeah
I'm really proud of you
Really?
I remember I I taught you things
As my in my role as a cleric at the Church of the Silver Frank flame sure
And you were a great acolyte you were a great initiate. Yeah, you know, but I'm I'm I'm I think I'm pretty grown up now
I got it's I I feel weird that we're equals like we're basically the same kind of
Status like in the church like I think of you as kind of a hero. You're my mentor
But now we're working side-by-side as a team
Hi, don't don't I mean it's good to just say that stuff don't
Don't carry shame around with you
You know, just keep yourself pure
I admit to my jealousy like I teach young kids how to be
Adept at the arts of the silver flame and I you know when I see them
Rise and stature faster than I've ever been able to I
Get I get jealous now that I've got us that you kind of get in your own way a lot
Like, you know, you could have been top dog. You just you you you kind of self sabotage yourself a lot
Yeah, I mean and now you're being a dick and
But if I know and the key is which of us is more self
inspecting and which of us is saying
And the answer that person
Okay, let's look. Let's let's let's just drop it. Yeah, I clearly
Clearly it's a lot of baggage there. I know this church is fucked up
You know when it's fucked up church is the reason why we're here like what we're trying to purify ourselves and purify the world of evil
The religion is the reason we're here the church is fucked
From the head down by people that believe more in politics than religion. Okay. Well, let's not talk
Can we have one wagon ride where we're not doing this?
I'm just concerned for the people of Roan
It's pronounced Rowan, but that's cool
How far out do you think we are?
Driver
You're the driver
Hello, what? Oh
I'm driving. Yeah, it's just like a horse
Jesus
Carlos, are you drunk?
Voice in my head. I thought maybe was the silver flame said you're the driver and I
Thought it meant I if you've been drinking you just you're supposed to put the reins to the wagon in the bowl by the door
And like somebody else drives the wagon. It's okay. It looks like Rowan's I
Look ahead on the road. What do I see?
All right, the road is rough and bumpy out in the countryside and the rolling hills look endless and foreboding in the dreary
Gray of the darkening clouded sky
Following an even smaller winding road to your left takes you off off the main path and into the
And into the gentler yellow planes that give way to fenced plots of fallowed farmlands
That's like farmlands without crops in them the edge of town
This must be the edge of town aside from a single small house and barn near one of these farm plots and to darkened
Ruined kind of burnt-looking structures. No real buildings or civilization are found this far out
It seems like way down the way
There's there's a bit more of a town
But you really only see in these kind of three buildings on this on this path and it's kind of getting towards evening
maybe we should stop here and
And let's look the horses rest and maybe give them some something to eat some water
Let's see if there's any people around that can give us information the kind we won't get once we're in the confines of the city
The three buildings are a barn a farmhouse. What else? Well, you see a farm in a barn house or
Barn in a farmhouse. There we go
That are right next to each other and then across like you're on a road
And then that's on to say the left side of the road and then on the right side of the road
You just see two kind of burnt-out husks of buildings. Whoa
Easy
We leave the wagon into the barn, okay, so
All right, yeah
No, you go you roll up towards the barn and you can see there's light coming from inside the farmhouse
And the barns closed for the night. Oh, it's nighttime already in sundown
Well, it's it's like getting dark, but the barns magic hour
Yeah, that if that's established and sure
It might be magic. I I kind of quietly walk up and
To a window at the farmhouse. Okay. Wait. Oh, sorry. So we just established. What do you guys look like? I?
Mean we can establish that later, but I don't know. I'm a gnome druid
Yeah, I'm a short little fellow. I carry a walking magical quarter staff
That has secret powers and my name is Chad the fire liker. I'm a gnome druid, right?
And I you know I'm dressed druidic
I've kind of brightly colored hair and a brightly colored outfit. I'm a little eccentric your colorful gnome man
Yeah, sure
I'm a human
I'm a human size medium. I
Am I'm wearing a
Dirty robe
Right, so that's like church clothes kind of but your clothes are probably not like church clothes
They're like colorful. Well, I mean I I
Accent my church garb with you know, like I got like it. Oh, okay
I got like my pouch that I carry my stuff and it's kind of like a fanny pack
Was it switch it's very brightly colored. I think I kind of look like an older Antonio Banderas great
This is perfect. Maybe with a little punch like I'm not athletic
But that might be part of I don't know what Antonio Banderas looks like these days
But I think I think I kind of look like a like a like a
More ragged Seth Green
Well, this will be perfect
Thank you, sorry for the diversion so we are parking our carriage
This is one that we own did we rent this it's it's I mean, it's the church is maybe but yeah, okay
It's like a company car. It's a church wagon
It's a church wagon
So we park it. I don't know, you know what I'm assuming my character knows more than I do about how to park a horse-drawn
Cart you kind of just stop it really, okay
And how far is this?
Light from this farmhouse the farmhouse is like maybe there's a six like a five foot gap between the farm or the farmhouse of the barn
So it's really close. They're right next to each other
So that the glow is really close from the window and you said you're going to the window, right? Yes, okay
So you look in the window and you see you see a woman who's tending to
Tended to a cauldron over a fire, but it looks like a cooking cauldron not like a witch cauldron
Hey, yeah, well, you're a goblin you shouldn't be hanging. I was like dude. I'm a gnome so fucking this
I'm going to the front door
Goblin, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't I'm sorry. I
I actually misheard that I wouldn't say that my character wouldn't say that you know it
Because I actually just me if I if I if I didn't have I see you being a dumb one
So if I didn't have so much respect for you
I I would tell you that I see why the church doesn't keep you in their good graces while you're at the same level
Like you should be like like ten times higher ranking than you are. We're the same like I'm like the third your age
You can't you walk around calling people goblins. It's like I fucking fuck fuck you
So why don't we just finish this let's let's rid Rowan of evil and get to get the fuck out here
And then you you can go hang out with other racist people. I
Go to the front door, okay? I
Don't need you to be a perfect person I
Look at you as an opportunity to learn I
I channel the silver flame it purifies the earth of evil knock knock
Hear that coming from inside someone I only speak common. Yeah, so is that really what they're saying or yeah
It's like an old person. Ah, ah, ah
Sorry, he's just grumbling. He's grumbling. He's coming to you you hear a guy coming to the door and then from the other side
The door you say who's who's out there?
In inquisitors from the church of the silver flame, sir
You hear him lock and are not lock and unlock and multiple locks and he swings open the door
He's holding he's holding like a kitchen knife, but he's not like menacing
It's just kind of like he was holding a kitchen knife before this
Put put the knife down sir. Might if we come inside
Sure, yeah, well, who are you we're from the church of the silver flame we hear that your town's been ravaged by evil
You said that who are you?
My name is Chad. Okay the fire like her
My name is Carlos the knife
Suspector
My name is Tom
the farmer
He puts down the knife
Thanks
He he kind of turns away from you and just motions you to follow him in
He's going more church. God damn it more church half this damn chant town is church. This whole place is fucking church
Ain't done any good. My name is Tom Tom
I walk in do that thing where I just kind of drag my finger around along
It was like a surface and like check and see how dusty it is like it doesn't mean anything
But it looks like I know what I'm doing. Oh
Yeah, it looks like you know what you're doing the church folk that you're
Used to dealing with maybe from the ministry. We're militants
We get the job done or your lack of money back
Sir Tom, I'm sorry to come at you at this late hour
But did you or anyone you know come in contact with the evil that just went through the town he?
He wait do a two cents motive check. It'll be great
Do you have a sense motive score and your skills?
I do
All right, you can do one too. Okay
And mine should be high because I have a wisdom of 16
I think both of you guys have reasonable wisdoms, but yeah, no, I don't have any like extra score on sense motive. All right
Well, what's your wisdom then and what's your sense motive?
My sense motive is checked but blank
But my wisdom is 16 and my ability modifiers therefore plus three my wisdom is 16 plus three
What are the odds both of you have the same score? Okay, it's great. You he he he hears your question
What was the question?
Did you or anyone that you know come in contact with the evil that ravaged your town?
No, I don't I don't know what you're talking about man. There's the only evil here is just church corruption
Um, but dan you can tell he's he's he's hiding something
Okay, you have any family sir?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I got family
Where are they? They're here my wife bonnie bring her out. She's she's in the
This area is like it's like an entry area that's attached to a kitchen area. So she's visible in this room
Yeah, let me describe it. It's just like a house. There's a staircase that goes up into presumably like maybe bedrooms or stuff
But the main area is just kind of a wonder room. It's like a family room dining room kitchen
Sir, I've been in houses. Yeah
I've lived in cooler places. No, I'm kidding. It's just part of the tour of that guy was saying that my house is a
Uh
Bonnie
Yeah, yeah, hey
I'm inquisitor Carlos the unimaginative hence the name. I'm Chad the fire liker. Great. Don't mind me
I'll be just cooking. I'll have something out in just a sec. You probably need food
Hey, listen bonnie. I couldn't help but notice across the way. There's a couple burned out buildings over there
Do you want to tell me what uh, what you saw what went down over there? That was uh, that was just james
James and his wife they uh moved out like burned their whole place down and just moved out one day and never spoke to nobody
Can I sense motive on her?
Yeah
She's she seems to be telling the truth
James is just your neighbor. Well, yeah, they were yeah, how big is your family? Well
three
Including you two. Yeah. Yeah, who's missing here? What's his name?
cliff
He's sick. Well, is he sick with uh
Various disorders that come from being raised by people that forget your name
I'm kidding. Sorry. Um
It's okay. He he called me a goblin earlier. It's all right. Can I see cliff?
uh
Why I'd like to take cliff notes
That's been our show. Thanks for coming everybody
Is that a reference to something it will be
I'd like to see cliff you see we just come into town. This is what we do. It's part of procedure
Yeah, you guys you guys seem angry about the church, but we're here to help
If you if your church if your town has been under attack by evil
We're here to help you've had complaints about the church
I'm assuming those complaints aren't that they were thorough attentive empathic concerned concerned. No
Not concerned. So I'm here to change that type
I'm not like my colleagues. I'd like to talk to cliff
Are you guys healers you guys healers? I'm a healer. Really? Yeah
I pull I pull carlos aside and they go. Hey, why don't we get in these guys good
Graces and go up there and heal their sick child. Maybe I will I have to see them first
Well, he's sick. He shouldn't be seeing anybody except a cleric you ding bat
I mean, it's your funeral
Are you threatening me or
It's just a figure of speech. Oh
Well, can you tell me? I mean you just said is he what does he have plague?
No, no, we don't really know what he's got
I we we just start walking up the stairs or wherever cliff is we just like go like to find him was like
We just push past the parents towards wherever cliff is
Wait, wait
But you do you successfully push past him
As I as I push past I also run my finger along another surface
and
Do the dust check. It's uh, it tells you different information the last time
Yeah, uh, you hear a crashing and banging coming from up the stairs as well as a yelling and tom starts cursing
God damn it. God damn it. Not now. God damn it. Come on man
cliff
Come on man. God damn it
I said
Did you keep an eye on bonnie and what's his name?
Tom tom tom fel and let me let me check out cliff. I just don't want them coming up. Um, I got eyeballs on the on the uh on the
Tom cats and you go
Uh, check the eagles nest scenario three
I go to the I go to the door from which the sound is coming
All right, you do that. Um at the top of the stairs you see a shifting blue light flashing wildly under a crack in a bedroom door
You feel a sense of dread creep through your entire vault body as you hear an unearthly voice bellowing
Get out of my home
Get out of it
cliff
No
Well not your home then
Checkmate
He doesn't respond so maybe
I am here
Bearing the power of the silver flame
I am a purifying vessel
I sense that you are evil. You have five seconds to vacate this premises and this domain
Times up
Bitch
Now I'm gonna, uh, yeah, I'm just gonna I'm just gonna open the door
Okay, I'm not gonna do anything fancy. I'm just gonna open the door you see a large bed shaking and bouncing around and there's a
Kid belted down to the bed and there's a strange light
There's a strange light kind of flashing around the room and you see darkness kind of emanating and leaking from the kid's eyes
And his mouth
Is like you have no power over me
Oh, that's all I do
I do
I I hear that and I come and join them in the room together and I say carlos you know what to do
Channel energy
I send out a burst of healing light to heal
Well the living no to damage, uh, actually to damage the undead. Yeah
Yeah, okay, you do that
Uh, you you see the wave wash over him and he goes
But he doesn't seem damaged or hurt in any way as if he's not a member of the undead and that's called
Elimination
I'm always one step ahead. He's not undead
I'd call this a case of possession
And that really gets my giblets
Finish your statement
Holy water
Do you have holy water? Yeah, I do. Oh, all right. We'll cross it out then wait
Are you taking it away? Oh, no, okay. Yeah, I'm using it. Okay. Yeah, holy water
Yeah, you're using it. Can I get a pencil later? Yeah, I'll get you one later
Or maybe someone else can get you one later. Okay for now. Just remember if I try to use holy water later that I don't have it
I'll get it. Yeah, it'll be great. Okay
Oh, no
You miss
You miss the bedridden child
Holy water splatters to the floor in a broken file
I got it. I got it
I was gonna try to like mop some of it up under my hands
All right. Well, it's not your turn now. Right. Well, okay
Turns
Sorry initiative. It's Jeff
Um, well, I don't have any
Skills to it like to to get rid of evil necessarily. Um, I I call on the uh, the the I summon the uh, the the advice of the uh
The keeper of the flame
You you uh, you meditate on the voice of the the silver flame and it doesn't tell you any any specific things
But you recall your training
Um, which is like to kill evil. Okay. Um, I I have some I have some cloth with me
There does this there's still have a turn I kind of wasted that one
Well, what did you do? Well, I take my cloth and I go over to where the holy water missed and I try to mop up the holy water
And absorb the missed holy water and then try to use
The absorbed holy water on cliff. All right. Um
Yeah, okay
Don't coddle me if that's stupid like no, I mean it is stupid, but that doesn't mean it doesn't work
It could work very well. Um, all right. Well, you do that you start mopping his brow with uh, with a
Oh a mop. No, not a mop a handkerchief made of holy water
The inundated with holy water. Yeah, it deals two damage
And as that happens, you can see you can see the kid. He raises his his arm and
A tendril of shadow lashes out of his armpit at you dealing
four damage Jesus christ
So he goes
Ah, we we got armpit boogins. Yeah. All right. Shit got real. Is it my turn?
Uh, no, it's the ghost's turn
He doesn't do anything though. He's just laughing
Is it my turn now? Well
You hear you hear people coming up the stairs
And it's it's tom and bonnie. They're like, what's going on? What are you doing? I heard some stuff breaking
We're doing more than you did close the door. All right bad parents
They closed the door
All right, now I want to well, I didn't I didn't waste a turn doing that did I no no
Okay, because I want I want to cast that thing where um, I win. No, I uh, it's the it's the it's the uh, I think it's solar flare
no, it's uh
No, that's just a blinding thing. It's the thing that kind of just like I'm looking for it now, and I don't see it
It's the it's a spell where I
Shit balls. I'm sorry. I thought it was like a
A thing where I create like an aura that uh of deflection. Is that what it is? Well, what are you trying to do?
Kind of deflect things with an aura. No
I I'm looking for it now. I don't see it now. Yeah. Well, what are you looking for? Oh?
Deflect I wanted to make like a bubble. You know, I just like oh shit's going down
So I just want to buff us, you know, like if it's like a
Video game. I'm just like I'm just looking to buff. Yeah, I think that's the order of deflection. Yeah. Yeah, okay
So I'm like hamana hamana hamana
Silver flame
skype
And I make like uh, I just it makes you better at what you do makes us all better at what we do
Thanks, man
All right, great
Um now it's Jeff's turn. That's shit. Um, I don't know how to attack a uh like a ghost inside a kid's body
um
I uh
I
Um
I cast
Flare
And try to dazzle the ghost while like to buy time
for
Carlos to finish the job. Oh man, you see the ghost. No, not the ghost. There's no ghost. You see the kid get dazzled
He's like
Like that
Carlos I got him dazzled go in for the fucking kill. It's his turn though. Oh shit
He goes, uh, he he starts thrashing about and uh, you can see kind of these shadow tendrils lashing out some more
What's your what are each of your armor class actually?
17 17. All right. Well, you pass. All right the shadow slash at your body
But they hit your armor and it's it feels good against your armor
Leave this child or we will kill him
There's there's pounding on the door. I don't do what do you think you're doing?
We do you know what you're doing because we could have just killed him
We thought you'd like do something
I pound pound. I I say out loud. I I the damn church
Oh, yeah, well, we'll show you the power of the church. I I dare I tell the ghost of the ghost inside cliff
Come out and fight like a ghost and not be a shit
Well it's Dan's turn, but you do say that okay
I I I check for more dust
Wait, what I didn't hear that we're really out of our league here like we know
You
What
That would be nice if they had that. Yeah
That would be nice if we abolished that
Uh, I I you know, I mean I want to it's hard to hit a kid like with a weapon
Because it's yeah, you really went in guns of blazing. I know we did we did we're bad. We're level two
I I I just I just punched the kid in the face
It's a non-lethal attack like I'm not using a weapon. I'm just like I just want to make it clear
That
We don't care like like you can't use a human shield. We don't negotiate with ghosts
All right. All right. Well, um, so you you you
you
Raise your fist and stomp over to the little boy
And um out out in front of the little boy a ghost kind of bursts out of his his body and kind of stands like
Like guarding the little boy, but you know, he's a ghost so you just walk through him and you deck the little
Oh, unless you want to stop does the ghost make you change your because it like yeah, yeah, okay
Sorry. Well, then what do you want to do in response to the ghost? Uh, because that would be funny though
Well, I mean if I if I see the ghost can I do more than stop? I mean I I I you know, I
Well, whatever happened a good old turning of the undead, you know, I'm a cleric like that's that's a feet. You'll get next level
He's a yeah, and I I a ghost is traditionally undead
Oh, well, but but if when he's in the dude, he wasn't like
Uh, I mean
Um, I said you may be making assumptions that aren't based in reality
That's a catch all right
I can't answer that question without giving you a hint Carlos
He just walked through a ghost before you hit that child. Well, he didn't hit the yeah
You almost hit a child, but thank god that ghost came out
All right, well, I don't want to do too much metagaming, but I think it might be an illusion
This is what it may be like like this isn't I don't think everything is what it seems
I I I'm gonna punch the kid anyway
So you step through the ghost and you deck the kid the ghost or the kid is still laughing like
And you deck the kid and he and he he you hit him pretty hard
He um
I'm not proud of it right
Well, you can be um, he takes four damage and you can see his face start to swell and he goes
And the ghost uh the ghost that came out starts like grabbing on you and you can feel its coldness
But it can't hurt you for whatever reason
The ghost might be good
The ghost might be good I gotta yell something out at you
Uh
I I go over and I I hit the kid too
The ghost the ghost is protecting the kid
The ghost is protecting the kid the kids possessed by a demon right the ghost is undead and is but
It is out in front of the kid and and not and the kid is like still has a demon in him or something
Right, so I I think it seemed like we're making progress by hitting this kid
You're always making some sort of progress. I wait I wait for my turn. Okay. Well, that will be after I I I pass
I I go to the kid I raise my fist like I'm gonna hit him
All right
So then the the ghost boy jumps off at dan and starts grappling onto you
But again, it can't really do much. You can just feel like cold ghost fingers touching you and it's real creepy
um, and then the demon boy is like
And he starts vomiting all over the place. Um
So you guys got to make reflex saves. What are your reflex saves?
Two two plus two two two plus two or two well two an ability modifier two that's four, baby
um
Cool. Okay, so both of you. Yeah
I keep not hitting you guys you both dodge, but uh, the ground is all slippery and slick with vomit
It's gross
um
Then just then the the mom and the dad burst in through the door and the dad's got a knife in the though
The mom has a flower pot that's sexist, but whatever
It's a classic female weapon
I mean
No, she has a rolling pin. She's a rolling pin shaped like a vagina. Yeah
Uh
And they're like leave our kids alone. You guys are the worst kids
Uh, yeah
Kids is one of them a ghost. Yeah one of them died about two months ago. We're still kind of
Dealing with it. What's his name? Uh, what's his name?
Uh
Archer
Archer if you want to protect cliff you must work with us not again
Well, you can't punch it kid to death
And kill the demon in sight
Wait, I can't talk. I didn't say that
The ghost doesn't talk
I said that me the dm
Archer
Help us
It looks at you with weird glowing eyes
And then it dives back into the to the boy and the boy starts thrashing around some more and laughing
Get out of my house
I'm going in
You're going into a little boy
All right full disclosure I say to the parents like we're not really we know where this is our first time fighting a ghost
Demon and yeah, I asked uh tom and uh
Bonnie as a is is is the ghost that's possessing your child the dead other child
Nah, I don't know man. This is confusing. We're just trying to follow the facts that ghost looked like you know the dead kid
Archer sidebar. Yeah, you know the only thing we haven't tried getting out of the house
I mean it's like we were we're assuming we're so yeah, we thought you were gonna heal him. We didn't want you to kill him
Sorry, you're sidebarring. I'll heal the damage. I caused by punching his face
But then I think our work is done here
thorough
Channel energy
He gets healed them you like that. Yeah, it's funny to me. What else do you like?
Evil
You want some real cold soup you want some gross soup. Does that taste good to you? Are you like the Adams family?
Look where everything bad is good
Yeah, I'm like the Adams family
Bonnie go make a bowl of horrible tasting soup
What the hell what are you guys doing? I have a plan don't question the church
I
Don't know
I don't know what we're gonna get. We have to just get healing as a kid. We can just leave
We don't we don't know what we're doing. Okay. Uh, I turn to them
And I do another dust check on the thing and I go look, uh, we're gonna be back. Yeah, we have we have a couple other
Uh leads to check out and uh, we'll make sure that we help your kid
And we're gonna redeem the church in your eyes or our name isn't
Chad and Carlos
In the meantime ask yourself
How is this your fault?
My pot is boiling over
Dinner is ruined in addition to this terrible evening. Good the demon will like that
And then his mind will be blown that you're on his side. He might leave
He might be defined by opposition
A lot of demons like to fight if you just give them bad soup, which they think is good soup
They get confused and bored and they leave
Try that we'll be back
I we walked down the hallway and I go Carlos like like you're supposed to be the healer guy
I'm a fire user. I healed him. I can't just burn everything and like you're supposed to like you threw
Like we tried the holy water thing. We got the ghost out like what the fuck
I don't we didn't get the ghost out the ghost came out like I it doesn't I'm look
I don't know. I've never fought that kind of thing before. I don't I only can do so much. I can heal
I can cause wounds
I can heal the wounds I cause
Why don't we why don't we take it down the street and let's let's gather some information
Let's let's let's grow as a team here. Yeah, I mean we might learn something. Yeah. I mean that kid's been
possessed for what months. He seems fine. He'll keep
A week a week. Yeah, what's another 10 minutes a day gonna do it seems like also
Lot of laughing seems like it's pretty fun
Seems like everyone's a winner
I didn't get a letter saying go to a farmhouse and help Bonnie, you know their kid
You know we should do we didn't bend the town these people probably aren't even why don't we go
Why don't we go across the street and check out these burned out the houses that that the guy the neighbor james
And James yeah, we're gonna go check out some to the area
Well, we walk over to the james burned out buildings. Should we should we call it lose that a good stopping point?
No, we didn't do shit. Well, it's 10. I mean we've been to dad this for an hour, right?
I mean we've been doing this
Yeah, like a half hour. Oh, we can keep going. I'm sorry. No, I just thought it was
It's 10 o'clock. Maybe we just wouldn't be ending on any applause as you guys are dooming me to have to do some kind of rapper
Yeah, yeah, that's what I would love you to crap
All right, put put that phone pick back on your head and uh, let's do some rapping
We didn't do anything. We went into a room and I was like, I think you guys did a lot
But that's like the cold open of our movie. Like it's like we're bad at what we're doing like
And that makes the audience resonate with us. They're like, yeah, I don't know what I would have done either
Like that guy's like protection from evil like fuck you. You don't know what you're talking about
Like like and not that we're saying if you yeah, I'm just saying like I got a bunch of spells that are like, yeah, I tried
We're out of our league. Yeah, I took out some spells that relate to evil
Because they're overpowered. Okay, like detect evil would be kind of an anti-climax. Yeah, I wouldn't use that right away
All right, Zach you got a beat back there?
Oh, yeah
Yeah, yo
Burbank rap
day and day
Take it to the Burbank Bur
It's cold outside for your money got to go to the Burbank with your honey maker a deposit don't make a withdrawal
I'm gonna fuck your mama. Fuck your sister. Fuck them all get the Burbank
Burbank rap it's cold. I need interest
Burbank turn up the heat. I need a
FDIC insured account
For your mama's pussy
In the amount of one
One juicy pussy
Let me tell you about the time I went to Nebraska
With a quick stop in Alaska
Yeah
And I looked at my list of two new Tascas and I said I gotta go
To Burbank
Take out a pussy
So I did
I went back to Burbank
And I fucked your mama
I'm the counter at the Burbank
And I said ooh
It's cold in here, but it's hot in you
She said what you're gonna do
I said I'm already doing it
Thank you for coming to Harmon's Dad everybody
Spencer Crittenden
Christina Oh
Thank you to Zach, Kevin, Sarah, church, all of our friends here
Kevin
Spencer Crittenden everybody
I'm in your control here Jeff Davis
Mr. Mayor once again is Dan Harmon
And watch Okja next Wednesday
Oh fuck, god damn it, we didn't plug the goddamn thing
The Friday 40 show
Oh
Come watch Friday 40 on Friday
Here
I thought I would know what you were talking about
We're doing a taping of that Friday 40 show
I've done it a couple of times
Scott Gimple who runs The Walking Dead
Dave Holmes
40 ounces
People drink 40 ounces and answer questions of the week in pop culture
That show must be insane now
How do you even keep up with what's happening in the news
It's a fun little game show
And we're gonna do a little taping of it next Friday
The next Friday that happens
Not Friday
Friday
And we're gonna do a taping of it next Friday
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show